Don't worry, don't worry,
Leave it alone,
Don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care,
Leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone,
Don't worry, don't worry,
Leave it alone,
Leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, don't care
Don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care
Don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care,
Don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care,
Leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone, leave it alone , don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care
I really didn’t report it, don’t worry
I'll arrange accommodation for you
I'll come first to you and your family
how do you solve it
Okay, your one
Is it true that the tenth foreign country has the highest spirituality?
It's time
I still need you to replace him and me.
what do you say
I shouldn't care about you, just feed me
How do you use it?
Not good either